---
layout: post
title:  "Meeting Minutes: 11 July 2018"
---

- Attendees: Nate Y., Kim B., Brian M., Henry M., Demure, James K., Mike G.
- Meeting Start: 1900
- Meeting End: 2030

## Contents

1. [Board Meeting Protocol](#protocol)
2. [(15 mins) Open for All](#open)
3. [Governance - Nate](#governance)
4. [Education/Events - Kim](#education)
5. [Finances - Brian](#finances)
6. [Fundraising - Mike G.](#fundraising)
7. [Marketing/Outreach - ??](#outreach)
8. [Operations - Nate](#operations)
9. [Membership/Volunteering - Demure](#membership)
10. [New Business](#new)

### <a name="protocol">Board Meeting Protocol</a>

*Standing Committee Reports* - Individual Updates by Assigned Director/Officer presented in the time allotted.

*Open Time* - For anyone to bring anything up to the Board. IF the Board agrees the item requires action, it will be put into New Business and addressed at the end of the meeting.

### <a name="open">(15 mins) Open for All</a>

* All Are Worthy. All Are Welcome.

### <a name="governance">Governance - Nate</a>

* Nothing new

### <a name="education">Education/Events - Kim</a>

* George's Meetup is still up in the air. Kim will follow up. 
* Art fair is coming up. We don't plan to do anything special, but Demure will be coordinating volunteer activities/warning them about it.
* Kim has been adding events slowly to the long-term-calendar. 
* We still need teachers!
  * Reach out to BYB fellows to see if they'd like to discuss their project? Science fair?
  * Wanhao 3D printer is back in action, Replicator also seems to be working. Nate needs to do a short video on how to run it.
  * Laser cutter is still unavailable for class usage until the lens/tube are repaired. General membership may use for projects. 
* Christmas in july
  * Probably not going to happen in July. Maybe end of summer? 
* Kim suggests we post wiki "we need this" list out to folks with encouragement to use Amazon Smile with us as the non-profit? 

### <a name="finances">Finances - Brian</a>

* We have three months of expenses in the bank! 
* Utilities have increased...
  * apparently we need an electric meter put into our name? 
* We are at a two month reserve of money 
* James K. brought up the idea of changing from Paypal to Stripe.
  * We need an updated AHA website for it to work
  * Not enough progress on the website to the point where we can do this yet. Still on the agenda. 

### <a name="fundraising">Fundraising - Mike G.</a>

* Impendingly cautiously optimistic merit fiber?
* Still optimistic -- we should hear back about it by the end of July. 

### <a name="outreach">Marketing/Outreach - ??</a>

* Nothing this month, need some Marketing help.

### <a name="operations">Operations - Nate</a>

* See Education for updates on the machines. 
* Nate has found a contractor for outside door access. 
* James K. updates us on website progress. Server is ready, domains basically ready, mediawiki is way out of date and he is trying to figure out how to migrate content to the latest. Nate added James to the AHA Github. We need to pick a theme. 
* Landlord needs new board names for approved unlock requests - Nate will do 
* nate is willing to figure out new internet cable. Had scheduled it earlier this month, but fell through; will contact Tyler to do it. 
* We need to discuss the fumes issue -- it's not good for members, and probably not good for the restaurant either. Nate will follow up for more info on the aerosol, if there's any way to mitigate the odor/presence (better venting/filtering), or stop its use altogether. 

### <a name="membership">Membership/Volunteering - Demure</a>

* We need to write a contract for aircompressor and general tenancy.
  * board agrees that it will be for space + two people in the space
    * further people will be separate. 
  * Space verbiage needed.
  * need their sq footage, our total sq foot, our cost of operation 

### <a name="new">New Business</a>

* July Stats:
  * We currently have 4 coworkers, 18 standard, 13 reduced, 1 house hold, and 7 volunteers in good standing, 19 BYB. 