---
layout: post
title:  "Meeting Minutes: 2018-11-14"
---

* Meeting attendees: Dustin, Craig, Laria, Mike G., Mike Z., Nate Y., James
* Meeting started at: 20:15
* Meeting ended at: 21:10

## Board Meeting Protocol

* Standing Committee Reports - Individual Updates by Assigned Director/Officer presented in the time allotted.
* Officer Reports - as needed
* Open Time:  For anyone to bring anything up to the Board.  IF the Board agrees the item requires action, it will be put into New Business and addressed at the end of the meeting.

## (15m) Open For All

* All Are Worthy. All Are Welcome.

## Governance - Craig

None.

## Finance - Mike

Mike has gotten access to the documents and will begin tracking things.

## Fundraising - Sarah

None (Sarah was not present).

## Officer Status Reports

* President (Craig) - None
* Vice President (Laria) - None.
* Secretary (James) - None.
* Treasurer (Mike) - See above.
* Shop Manager (Laria) - Bought some supplies - thanks!
* Sysop (Nate) - None.

## Previous Action Items

### All board members must donate and sign a conflict of interest form tonight!

This was completed tonight.

### Volunteer Spreadsheet (Craig)

Still working on it. 

## General Agenda Items

### Proposal to form an ad-hoc committee with executive power to standardize AHA emails

The committee won't have executive power, but rather present a solution to the board for voting. James and Craig will be on the committee.

### Proposal to transfer clerical portion of membership tracking to board secretary

Everyone agrees this makes sense. Board secretary takes responsibility for tracking members.

### Brief discussion on how to use board.allhandsactive.org and what the intention is

Everyone is on board. We'll publicize this with these minutes.

### Brief discussion on the harassment policy - how can we make it more visible?

Mike Z with make a sign notifying people of the policy. Additionally Nate will add handicap accessibility info to the site and the facebook page.

### Brief discussion on the (lack of) a camera policy

Form a committee of Laria, Craig, Mike G., Dustin - other interested members are welcome - they will report back with a policy

### Proposal to nominate a communications officer to handle social media and 3rd party site responses. If this officer is on the board, they might also handle board emails or route them appropriately

Everyone is OK with someone handling email and social media, but we won't create an officer position. Sarah is nominated.

### Brief discussion of "Next Friday" art crawl - any problem with us participating?

Mike Z. will pursue as a member - the board is on board.

### Futel Phone?

Mike Z will follow up on this as a member.

## Action Items

* Volunteer Spreadsheet (Craig)
* Create a proposal for AHA email simplification (James & Craig)
* Create a few signs that let people know there is a harassment policy and where it's at (Mike Z.)
* Add the handicap accessibility info to the site and facebook page (Nate)
* Report back with a camera policy proposal (Craig, Laria, Mike G., Dustin)
* Coordinate with Nate on communications responsibilities (Sarah)
