---
layout: post
title:  "Meeting Minutes: 2018-11-07"
---

* Meeting attendees: Sarah B., James K., Laria R., Craig W., Nate Y., Mike Z.
* Meeting started at 1900
* Meeting ended at 2100

## Transition Meeting

This is a transition meeting to the new board and thus doesn't follow standard meeting protocol.

Goal: make necessary decisions and arrange for necessary skill/resource transfer to enable the incoming board to resume responsibilities from the outgoing board.
By the end of the meeting the new board should be fully "in place".

This is built in reference to the bylaws (found here: <https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B9x4RIcqwUojeUNjYnVYd0hoMUE/edit>) and "Organizational Structure" document (found here: <http://wiki.allhandsactive.org/Organization_Structure>)

Before the meeting we should print any documents that need to be signed, and ideally have access to bylaws & standing rules to verify we're doing things right.

## Agenda

(prepared by Mike Z.)

* last-minute agenda adjustments (so we don't forget something. eg: is there a volunteer coordinator officer?)
* recap of necessary roles & their duties/requirements
* deciding who will fill the necessary roles
  * state-required:
    * president
    * treasurer
    * secretary
  * bylaw-required:
    * executive director
    * fundraising committee
    * finance committee
    * governance committee
  * current officers:
    * Sysop*
    * marketing
    * Shop Manager* (proposed; not necessary to fill)
* Arrange for skill & resource transfer to resume role duties (keys, email accounts, financial accounts, etc.)
  * physical keys
  * digital accounts/assets
* Form Signing (conflict of interest, etc.)

## Notes

(taken by Sarah B.)

* Volunteer coordinator                                                                                                                                       
  * Vols seem to be on track, but could add a Thurs. person                                                                                                    
  * Had one person contact for vol membership, advised to come around                                                                                          
    * Craig will touch base w/ this person to follow up                                                                                                         
  * Vol management: Craig will remake a vol spreadsheet                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                              
* Nate's role: Sysop                                                                                                                                          
  * Daily duties                                                                                                                                               
  * Monthly duties                                                                                                                                             
    * Rent - they will remind us                                                                                                                                
    * Google calendar for recurring tasks in GSuite                                                                                                             
      * Shared calendar on the website, but need to open edits?; other solutions to discuss later                                                                
  * Prioritize sysop transfer                                                                                                                                  
    * James wants to talk to Nate about server                                                                                                                  
      * Backup access & move to easier to maintain system                                                                                                       
      * Nate: please send James an ssh public key                                                                                                                
    * Transfer social networking on FB                                                                                                                          
      * Nate's been answering questions, keeping our response time down                                                                                          
      * Craig idea: Use the Twitter more often                                                                                                                   
      * Is it possible to sync all this stuff?                                                                                                                   
    * Need to backup wiki; WP site                                                                                                                              
  * Retire Wordpress                                                                                                                                           
    * Quick option: brochure site                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
* Officers                                                                                                                                                    
  * President/Chair: Craig                                                                                                                                     
  * Vice Pres/Vice Chair: Laria                                                                                                                                
  * Treasurer: Zandi                                                                                                                                           
  * Secretary: James                                                                                                                                           
    * James is also interim Executive Director until the bylaws are reviewed                                                                                    
  * Sysop: Nate                                                                                                                                                
  * Shop Manager/Management: Laria                                                                                                                             
    * Operations email will go to sysop and Shop Manager                                                                                                        
* Committees: 2 people (at least) per committee                                                                                                               
  * Finances: Zandi (chair), James, Sarah                                                                                                              
  * Fundraising: Sarah (chair), Craig                                                                                                                          
  * Governance: Laria, Craig (chair)                                                                                                                           
  * Education/Membership                                                                                                                                       
    * For the interim (few months), these can be subsumed by the board as a whole                                                                               
    * Craig will work on setting up the membership/volunteering infrastructure, then give access to everyone                                                    
                                                                                                                                                              
* Check signing issue                                                                                                                                         
  * President/VP have check signing for certain, may need more                                                                                                 
  * Need to have a system set for petty cash                                                                                                                   
    * Maybe a lockbox?                                                                                                                                          
    * Maybe a system for reimbursement                                                                                                                          
  * Shop manager to track consumables, and talk to the finance people                                                                                          
  * Need to discuss at another meeting                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                              
* Emails (fix later)                                                                                                                                          
  * Emails should turn into mailing lists                                                                                                                      
  * Give each of us an alias and be a part of the list (like james@aha.org)                                                                                    
    * Two benefits                                                                                                                                              
      * Friendlier for new members, make personal connection                                                                                                     
      * Ease transition by giving us a fuzzy period for access                                                                                                   
    * Caution: contingency for when the board changes                                                                                                           
  * Standardization of how responses are being sent out to reduce confusion                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                              
* Next week                                                                                                                                                   
  * Board members will bring $10 for pizza
  * Sarah gave her $10 to the board because she will be absent on the 14th
